President Feng
What's going on?
Young Master, we were just about to find you
Just look at this woman
在病房里面鬼鬼祟祟的
手里还拿着这个东西
Just want to
Shangshu spare you
How dare you court death?
I can move
Even Xiaoxue dares to move
Feng Wan is the top
Don't worry, there are two more witnesses on the way
This is a quick talk about what's going on with you guys
I said I said it was all Miss Yang
Miss Yang asked us to do this
He said that Miss Jiang knew a lot of his secrets
To eradicate weeds and roots
Secretary Yang?
What secrets can Secretary Yang have?
We don't know either.
Miss Yang specially found us that day
Said to work with us
Secretary Yang soft sticker
We can't help it.
Master, what should we do?
Walk back to the company